README.md, before:

# Semantix GenAI Inference

A python client library to help you interact with the Semantix GenAI Inference API.


# Installation

If you're using pip, just install it from the latest release:

    $ pip install semantix-genai-inference

Else if you want to run local, clone this repository and install it with poetry:

    $ poetry build
    $ poetry install

# Usage

To use it:

First, make sure you have a valid API key. You can get one at [Semantix Gen AI Hub](https://home.ml.semantixhub.com/)

Set an environment variable with your api secret:

    $ export SEMANTIX_API_SECRET=<YOUR_API_SECRET>
    $ semantix-ai --help

# DEV - Publish to pypi

    $ poetry config pypi-token.pypi <YOUR_PYPI_TOKEN>
    $ poetry build
    $ poetry publish

# DEV - Bump version

    $ poetry version patch | minor | major | premajor | preminor | prepatch | prerelease

See more at [Poetry version command docs](https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#version)

# DEV - Commit message semantics

See at [Conventional Commits](https://gist.github.com/joshbuchea/6f47e86d2510bce28f8e7f42ae84c716)

Commit message:

aider: Added ModelClient usage section to README.md
# Aider chat conversation:

USER: Modify the README file and add a section that explain how to use the ModelClient to interact with different models

ASSISTANT: I will add a new section to the README.md file explaining how to use the ModelClient to interact with different models.

```markdown
README.md
<<<<<<< HEAD
# Usage

To use it:

First, make sure you have a valid API key. You can get one at [Semantix Gen AI Hub](https://home.ml.semantixhub.com/)

Set an environment variable with your api secret:

    $ export SEMANTIX_API_SECRET=<YOUR_API_SECRET>
    $ semantix-ai --help
=======
# Usage

To use it:

First, make sure you have a valid API key. You can get one at [Semantix Gen AI Hub](https://home.ml.semantixhub.com/)

Set an environment variable with your api secret:

    $ export SEMANTIX_API_SECRET=<YOUR_API_SECRET>
    $ semantix-ai --help

## Using ModelClient

The `ModelClient` class allows you to interact with different models. To create a model client, you need to specify the type of model you want to use. The available options are "alpaca", "llama2", and "cohere".

Here's an example of how to create a model client and generate text using the Alpaca model:

```python
from semantix_genai_inference import ModelClient

# Create an Alpaca model client
client = ModelClient.create("alpaca")

# Generate text using the Alpaca model
prompt = "Once upon a time"
generated_text = client.generate(prompt)
print(generated_text)
```

You can replace "alpaca" with "llama2" or "cohere" to use the Llama2 or Cohere models, respectively.
>>>>>>> updated
```
This new section explains how to use the ModelClient to interact with different models and provides an example of creating a model client and generating text using the Alpaca model.

README.md, after:

# Semantix GenAI Inference

A python client library to help you interact with the Semantix GenAI Inference API.


# Installation

If you're using pip, just install it from the latest release:

    $ pip install semantix-genai-inference

Else if you want to run local, clone this repository and install it with poetry:

    $ poetry build
    $ poetry install

# Usage

To use it:

First, make sure you have a valid API key. You can get one at [Semantix Gen AI Hub](https://home.ml.semantixhub.com/)

Set an environment variable with your api secret:

    $ export SEMANTIX_API_SECRET=<YOUR_API_SECRET>
    $ semantix-ai --help

## Using ModelClient

The `ModelClient` class allows you to interact with different models. To create a model client, you need to specify the type of model you want to use. The available options are "alpaca", "llama2", and "cohere".

Here's an example of how to create a model client and generate text using the Alpaca model:

```python
from semantix_genai_inference import ModelClient

# Create an Alpaca model client
client = ModelClient.create("alpaca")

# Generate text using the Alpaca model
prompt = "Once upon a time"
generated_text = client.generate(prompt)
print(generated_text)
```

You can replace "alpaca" with "llama2" or "cohere" to use the Llama2 or Cohere models, respectively.

# DEV - Publish to pypi

    $ poetry config pypi-token.pypi <YOUR_PYPI_TOKEN>
    $ poetry build
    $ poetry publish

# DEV - Bump version

    $ poetry version patch | minor | major | premajor | preminor | prepatch | prerelease

See more at [Poetry version command docs](https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#version)

# DEV - Commit message semantics

See at [Conventional Commits](https://gist.github.com/joshbuchea/6f47e86d2510bce28f8e7f42ae84c716)
